The big news for this year's
rainy season is very exciting.
The Thai Meteorological
Department has reported that
Nangmaew Typhoon will return
for the first time in 20 years.
It will be the longest
rainy season on record.
Please be mindful of both
your physical and mental health.
My name is Rarin.
I'm a fashion designer.
And I'm...
I'm so sorry!
Are you okay?
What's up with him?
Such a strange guy.
The chest is 40, shoulders are...
Check the hair too.
- Okay, okay.
- All right.
That's right, Da. But I've already
checked it once.
Do it again.
- Okay.
- No excuses.
Do it three times. Understand?
I do. Okay.
Excuse me?
Call me Da.
Okay, Da.
- Well...
- Are you an intern?
- That's right.
- What's up? I'm busy.
Well, this...
Alright. Let's talk later.
Over there, quiet down a bit
or the guests might hear you.
Da.
Are you going to speak or not?
And what's going on
with the top in your hand?
Do you remember the costume
that you told me to check up on?
Isn't the model
done getting dressed?
No, she's done. But...
But what?
There's a small mascara stain.
This isn't small.
Why didn't you tell me earlier?
I was busy and I just saw it.
So I thought...
So you thought what?
Can we use a shoulder bag
to cover it up?
Or maybe let her walk
with her hands in her pockets.
Has Rin arrived yet?
Probably not.
"Probably"? "I think"?
Stop with the opinions
and be attentive.
If you were, this mistake
wouldn't have happened.
I'm sorry.
What's the matter?
Uh...
Hello, Rarin.
Next.
Up.
Don't forget the blocking.
Check the set again.
Everyone.
Okay.
Good morning.
Together, we've put in 160 hours
of work. This is going to be great.
I'd like to thank you all.
Let's do this together.
- Okay, Ms. Rarin.
Thank you.
How much time do we have left?
Fifteen minutes.
Apart from this one,
are others ready?
- You...
- It's Jib.
Attention to detail is very
important in our line of work.
Please don't let this happen again.
I'm really sorry.
It's okay.
Problems are meant to be solved.
I'll handle this myself.
How is Ms. Anya doing?
She came here all the way,
but she hasn't reacted at all.
Why are you so anxious today, Rarin?
You really don't know?
Ms. Anya is a national columnist.
She can decide the fate
of a new brand
just by writing up a piece
of criticism.
If she likes it,
then it's good news for us.
But if she doesn't...
We'll be ruined, right?
Get back to work. Go.
As I've said,
this collection is a mix between
minimalism and masculinity.
When you see it, you'll know
immediately it's my work.
Can you tell us your inspiration?
Ms. Rarin?
Yes?
Oh, my inspiration?
Well,
I get inspiration
from reading,
taking a stroll outside,
and observing my surroundings.
I also listen to the sound of...
What's up with him?
Such a strange guy.
That silly girl. She's so clumsy.
Are you going to make me a suit?
No, I'm not making you a suit.
My name is Rarin.
I'm a fashion designer.
And I have a special power.
Whenever it rains,
I hear someone's voice.
He's always been my inspiration.
And I call him
"Prince."
I'm sorry!
Are you okay?
That silly girl. She's so clumsy.
(Frozen to the core)
This liquid cleanser
can be used to wipe off
your makeup completely.
There are no irritants
and it cleans well.
Your skin will be clean
and glowing already.
Your facial skin will be
relaxed as if it's in Bali.
Monaki Cleansing Water.
Purely perfect cleansing essence.
No need to wait for your next life
for clear, smooth skin.
That's it.
Come on. Let's record it.
- This is a live video.
- What?
It's live?
Really?
My name is Tanthai.
I'm a model and an actor.
I became famous
unexpectedly overnight.
(My skin is clear because of #Dead
panCleansing #Tanthai #GreatPromo)
(Girls are clamoring for Tanthai,
the deadpan idol)
But success is like fashion.
Because this too shall pass.
What do you think about people
saying you'd make a good actor?
Who said that?
A lot of netizens are saying that.
Can you answer
the questions one by one?
It was almost my fall from grace.
People even nicknamed me
"The Scarecrow."
(Rumor! The Scarecrow fled the
reporters to see his sweetheart.)
I've gone through the entire
cheat sheet of being a celebrity.
Cut. It's good.
Okay. It's all good.
Should we continue?
Energetic?
Exaggerate it.
- Okay. Do it for me.
- Alright.
Excuse me, Tan.
It was okay just now.
But can you give it another go?
Be energetic this time.
Move over. I'll show you.
Men's Care Cool Max!
Frozen to the core!
Like that.
Isn't that a little over the top?
I understand.
But let's give them more
options for editing.
Who do you mean "them?"
The client.
The client?
Keep it down, please.
It's the client.
Just try it, okay?
Just a moment.
- I'll talk to him.
- I can't do it.
You have to.
You can do it. You have to.
I can't do it.
- Tan, are you ready?
- He's so ready!
Okay. Get ready, Team!
Alright. Let's shoot.
So we'll finally be able to go home.
- Sound!
- Ready.
- Camera!
- All good.
Take 29.
Okay. Ready?
Three, two... and action!
Use it because I do too!
Men's Care Cool Max!
Frozen to the core!
Cut! Awesome!
It's for real this time!
Cameraperson,
a little bit more. 2A, okay?
Okay. Get ready.
Let's get ready.
To the core.
Oh, Mr. Tan.
Please flip Ms. Rung over again
at around 11 p.m.
This world is so unfair.
A dreamer like you had to
become a vegetable like this.
Look at me.
I don't have any dreams
or any talents.
- If I could choose...
- The dishes or the trash?
I'll do the dishes then.
Come on! Take out the trash!
I want to take a shower!
Mai.
If you're going to live at someone
else's place, be considerate.
If you're not going to call
me "Miss Mai,"
at least be polite to someone who's
helping you take care of Rung.
Okay. I know, Miss Mai.
Gosh. That gave me goosebumps.
Just call me Mai.
There's another movie role for you.
- Toodles!
- Did you sell me again?
Mai! Mai!
Hey,
did you forget what you told me
when you're were still a newcomer?
Didn't you say you wanted me to
manage everything for you?
I remember, but...
But...
I screen all of your jobs first.
Don't worry.
Your job is to earn money
and take care of Rung.
You're on the rise right now.
Take whatever you can get.
Once you've got enough money
you can do whatever you want.
For now, you...
we don't have much of a choice.
Okay?
Fine.
Get up early tomorrow. We have to
get you a new suit for an event.
What event now?
Mai?
Hello, Da?
Rin,
we've been invited to Gorgeous'
"Thank You Gala."
Gorgeous' "Thank You Gala,"
right?
That's right. They just called
to say
it was Ms. Anya who suggested
that Gorgeous invite us.
Really, Da?
Thank you!
Yes!
My name is Tanthai.
I'm a model and an actor
out of necessity.
And I have a special power.
Whenever it rains,
I can hear a woman's voice.
It's the voice
that I hate the most.
The entire event will be catered.
As for today, I'd like to thank
all of the famous designers and
brands that have gathered here.
Rin, look!
That's the owner of Laichan!
That's the CEO of Spring-Winter!
Wow!
That's Sun Eagle!
Over there is...
Da,
calm down.
We're here as designers as well.
Compose yourself.
Okay. I'm sorry.
Have you seen Ms. Anya?
I'd like to thank her.
She said she's going to announce
something on stage.
Kan, hello.
Hello. She's probably backstage.
You're Rarin, right?
Yes, I am.
Do you know me?
That's a strange question.
Of course, I do.
Your brand is a dark horse.
It's a masculine-princess concept
that is ready to wear and accessible
to the majority of women.
You're talented.
Thank you very much.
I'm also a fan of Queen Krishna.
I aspire to be as successful as you.
Is the princess hoping
to become a queen?
I'm only joking.
What I want to say
is that a newcomer brand like yours
has to fight for it.
Cheers.
Next,
I'd like to invite Ms. Anya up
to say a few words.
Thank you, Gorgeous Thailand,
for giving me the honor to come up
here to say a few words
at this cozy event.
I've been in the fashion business
for almost 30 years.
I've seen new brands being created
and old brands being shut down.
The fashion business is a circle.
The new ones are born,
and the old ones die.
It is an infinite loop.
I'm proud to be a part
of this circle,
helping to advance
the fashion industry.
In my opinion, Thai fashion
has come so far.
The new generation is very talented.
And the older generation continues
to maintain their quality,
making those
who wear their clothes happy.
So, together with Gorgeous,
we came up with this event
to thank all of the brands.
Hence, this event was born.
Don't stop creating.
Don't be afraid to keep sewing.
Every inch of fabric
is waiting for you.
Both new and old designers
can create beautiful
and meaningful masterpieces.
Don't stop making Thai people
proud when they get dressed.
Thank you very much.
She's definitely
our country's top columnist.
Da,
I've made a decision.
I will improve my brand even more.
Okay. I'm with you.
We're in this together.
Thank you.
Aren't you going
to talk to Ms. Anya?
I completely forgot.
I will go and thank her.
I'll be right back.
Oops.
I forgot.
Okay. I'm at the walkway.
Alright. I'll hurry up.
Hey, hey.
- Stay still.
- Move out of the way.
It's stuck! It's stuck!
Stay still!
Don't move or it'll get ripped!
I'm so sorry!
Let me take care of it! Take it off!
- It's okay.
- Take it off.
Hey! Take it off.
Right now?
Hold on! Wait!
What am I going to wear?
I'll fix it!
Hey!
Ms. Anya!
I...
I'd like to...
I'd like to know
why you didn't react
at all that day.
What day? Have we met?
Well,
the day that Rarin showcased
its new collection.
You came.
But
you didn't seem to react
at all to it.
I'd like some feedback on
whether you liked or hated it.
But that day, you seemed
so indifferent.
Oh!
That set?
Well,
when it comes to clothing,
sometimes flesh and blood are needed
more than aesthetics
or complex patterns.
Clothing is like humans.
It deserves its own life.
So why should I react
to that lame showcase?
Pardon?
I don't think I wasn't clear.
Keep trying,
newcomer.
It's Rarin!
My brand. R-A-R-I-N.
And one day,
I'll make you mention
and compliment it.
I'll make it memorable.
You're so enthusiastic!
I look forward to that, Rarin.
Why were you so irresponsible?
Do you know how expensive this was?
Hello?
Hey!
Come again?
You weren't listening, were you?
I said it's expensive!
It's thousands of dollars!
I've invested so much in you!
And why didn't you...
She just took it.
What else could I do?
She who?
Describe her.
Clothing is like humans.
It deserves its own life.
So why should I react
to that lame showcase?
Ms. Primrose is here. Do you want to
do the fitting right away?
Okay.
Wait!
What now?
Don't cause any trouble.
We're going in for the jacket
and then will hurry back out.
Don't stop by to chat with anyone
or walk off alone, understand?
We have a fitting at LMAO.
So that you have something to wear
to Siam Film Awards, understand?
Okay?
Fine.
Can I really trust you?
Get inside.
- Hello.
Welcome to Rarin's Couture.
Hi, well...
- Hey, Peachy!
- Mai!
Hello! Are you here
for a fitting as well?
No, I'm only here
for a jack... jacket.
- Are you here for a fitting?
- That's right.
Tan, how are you doing?
Hello.
I'll be back. I have to go
to the bathroom.
The bathroom's that way.
- Be quick.
- Okay.
- Is Ms. Rarin here?
- She is.
- Do you have an appointment?
- I don't.
I'll go and check for you.
- Okay.
- Thank you.
We haven't seen each other in ages.
That's true. But we'll
see each often from now on.
You're so beautiful!
Hey, the suit jacket.
Oh?
The Jacket-Ripper.
How can you come in here
without permission?
I didn't mean to.
I just...
Did you design this?
That's from Rarin's
opening collection.
It has brought in a lot of business.
It sold out on the first day.
We didn't restock either.
But don't touch her.
Her?
You called the dress "her?"
That's unbelievable.
It's unbelievable that
it sold out on the first day?
It's unbelievable
that you were able to design a dress
that beautiful.
Please leave.
This is a workspace.
Don't make me kick you out.
- Please leave.
- Tan!
Why are you here? I told you
not to cause any trouble.
I'm not!
Ms. Rarin,
on behalf of him, I'm sorry.
- Come on.
- What?
- Get out?
- To where?
Wherever. Didn't you want to
go to the bathroom?
By the way,
why are you here?
We're here to pick up his jacket.
You kept it for Tan, right?
The one he forgot?
Oh.
That's right.
Thank you.
Oh, well...
I can't return this yet.
Why not?
I haven't fixed it yet.
It's okay.
- I have to.
- It's okay.
I might be making a fuss.
But I can't let this go.
It really is okay!
No, it's not! Miss...
It's Ms. Mai.
- Ms. Mai!
- Ms. Rin!
- Mai...
- Oh!
I'm really sorry.
Please let me take responsibility
and make you a new jacket.
Do whatever you want.
But please hurry.
I have another fitting to go to.
Okay.
Please take off your jacket then.
Do I have to?
Yes.
I like to take detailed
measurements for accuracy.
Da, please start to a new page
and write down as "Mr. Tanthai."
Okay.
That's right and
help me write it down.
Hey, what are you doing!?
You said you were going to take
detailed measurements?
Just your jacket.
Please stand up straight.
Okay?
Okay.
Raise your arms.
Just this much.
Chest
is 40.
Do this.
Upper arm
is 15.
Arm length is 16.5.
Overlap
is 28.5.
Seven.
Shoulders
are 17.5.
Front shoulder
is 16.5.
Neck
is 15.5.
Hey.
- Hey!
- Yes?
Are we done?
We're done. You can
put your jacket back on now.
Ms. Mai,
Da.
Can I have a word with you two?
Where are you going?
Wait here. I'll be back.
What's the matter?
Did Tan say something inappropriate?
I'm interested in Tanthai.
Would you be okay
if I
made an outfit for him
to wear to the Siam Film Awards
tomorrow night?
Pardon?
Tan and I already have a fitting
scheduled with another brand.
Rin, why are you...
I've been thinking for a while now
that I'd like to try something new.
From now on, the Rarin brand will
sell men's clothing.
Tanthai
will be the first male actor
that Rarin will dress for an event.
Uh...
Do you mean...
This isn't a small matter.
That's right. I think...
That was really loud.
You again?
Where have you been?
I thought the voice I was hearing
was just my imagination.
I have so many things
to talk to you about,
Prince.
No.
You have a name now.
Tanthai.
Wait.
Are you Rarin?
Then,
what's the matter?
Please, just get out of my head.
But we've finally met.
I need to thank you
and to talk to you about
many things.
I have something
to tell you as well.
I hate you so much.
I want you to be the muse
for Rarin Couture.
Seventeen for the front.
So it's all
about business now, isn't it?
Do you know how long I've been
annoyed with this nonsense?
I don't care what this is about.
I think we should stay away
from each other.
Marry me.